He is not married yet, so he has been living with his family outside for years.
Not bad. Then I won’t say it.
Say, who is that opposition party?
I won't tell. You still shield him.
He has lost all his money. He also said he would come back and marry me.
Hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum
Hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum
Hum hum hum
The courage has arrived
Dare you take Li Chunfen’s afternoon meal?
Ah this this
It seems you are afraid of me
Sister Chunfen is my protective shoe to kill you
Don't brag about three lies
I watched it when I just came here
Why is it that the middle is confused and late?
Putting your own daughter in the middle
Sister-in-law Chunfen
It was me who was wrong before
I'm not your sister-in-law
My sister is Li Chunfen who has a man now
what are you doing again
I said I was afraid of money, grandma
You are my sister-in-law and you disappear
Things Wen Lian
Dad threw it all in for you
See if I don’t deal with you today
I don’t care what you do.
But it doesn’t matter if you hit someone